Difference between Overloading and Overriding :

Overloading :- 

	To achive polymorphism we use Overloading. Overloading is nothing but using the same function for the different purpuse.
	Overloading is done at compilation phase. And it is done using different parameter.
	
	ex. 
		
		JavaCode.java 
		--------------
		
		String name ;
		
		public void printName(){
			System.out.println("This method will print Name ") ;
			
			}
			
		public void printName(String name){
			this.name = name ;
			System.out.println("This method will take a variable and print it "+name) ;
			}
			
		Explanation :-
			In the above java class you can clearly see that we have created a function named printName which is not taking any variable.
			Now we define another variable which will take a string variable and it will set this variable to name.
			Here you can see name of both function is same but they are working totally differently.
			This behavier is called as Method Overloading.
			Which method will run it will be decided at the compilation phase.
			
			
Overriding:-
		
		Overriding is used to achive dynamic polymarphism. Dynamic polymorphism is decided at the run time. Overriding is achive with the help of inharitance.
		Overriding is nothing but redefining the method which already present is the super class for different purpuse.
		
		
		Ex.
			Java.java 
			--------------
			
			class Java{
				String name ;
			
				public void overridingFunction(){
					System.out.println(" Currently inside Java class") ;
					
					}
				}
			
			Demo.java
			--------------
			
			class Demo extends Java{
				
				public void overridingFunction(){
					System.out.println("Now with the help of overriding we are in Demo class") ;
					
					}
				}
				
			Explanation :-
				Here you can see we have two class class 1 is Java and second is Demo class.
				Here Demo class is child of the Java class.
				And we have same method writen in the both class. and both are taking no variable.
				As we are extending the Java class inside Demo class that is why overridingFunction is already availabe for Demo class.
				But we want this method to work differently then parant class.
				So we override this method in Demo class also.
				Now when we will call this method this override method will be called.
				And this will be decided at runtime.
				This is called method Overriding.
			
			