
	Exception handling:
		When we write any java program there are 2 possibilities of program termination.
		One is when all the code is excecuted. it is called normal termination. or grace termination.
		Second it is it may terminate abnormally.
		So preventing our program terminating abnormally is called as exception handling.
		When you write any program 2 type of mistake may happen.
		First you can make some syntactical mistake.
		Which will be handle by compiler and our byte code will not generate.
		But there is second case when there is no syntactical mistake but there is logical mistake.
		This mistake will only be visible at runtime.
		So that time jvm will generate exception.
		And we will catch those exception to prevent abnormal termination of the program.
		
		
		Some Exception in JAVA.
		
		Class Cast Exception:
			This is one of the most common exception.
			This exception is throw by jvm when we try to cast value of one class object to another class object.
			
			Ex:
				Integer  i = 10 ;
				String s = i ;
				
				it will throw the class cast exception.
				
		Null Pointer Exception:
			When we try to perform some operation on null value then JVM throw this exception.
			
			Ex:
				String s = null ;
				System.out.println(s.length()) ;
				
				it will throw the Null Pointer Exception.
				
		Array Index Out Of Bound Exception:
			When we try to access the index value of array which is greater than the length of array then this exception is throws by JVM.
			
			Ex.
				int[] arr = new int[]{1,2,3,4} ;
				System.out.println(arr[8]) ;
				
				as you can see the length of array is only 4 and we are trying to access the index number 8.
				so it will throw the index out of bound exception.
				
		Arithmetic Exception:
			When performing any Arithmetic operation if we divide any number with zero "0" then this exception will be throw.
			
			Ex.
				int num1 = 15 ;
				int num2 = 0 ;
				
				int num3 = num1/num2 ;
				
				this will throw the Arithmetic Exception.
				
		Input Mismatch Exception:
			When taking input if we store wrong value in required data type then this exception will be throw.
			
			Ex.
				Scanner sc = new Scanner(System.in) ;
				int i = sc.nextInt() ;
				
				// if we pass any input which is not the int then this exception will be throw.
				
			